Update 2-10-ContentSharing.md (#626)
HL7/fhircast-docs: input/pagecontent/2-10-ContentSharing.md

This capability is deemed experimental due to low production adoption and evaluation of potential risk patient safety. This capability may change or be removed in future versions of this specification. 

Towards enabling greater workflow flexibility and greater convenience of subscribers, Subscribers MAY send a [FHIR resource]-update event, that is unrelated to the current context (e.g. an update event in which the anchor context referenced differs from the current context). If supported by the event recipient, the event is processed in the scope of the referenced context (not the current context) following the same rules as if the referenced context were the current context. Subscribers SHALL NOT send select events unrelated to the current context.

If a Hub supports receiving and processing update events outside of the current context, it SHOULD indicate support through the well-known endpoint (see [2.7 Conformance](2-7-Conformance.html#capabilities)).

> If the Subscriber does not support update events outside of the current context, the Subscriber SHALL respond with an appropriate [event notification](2-5-EventNotification.html#event-notification-response).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Subscriber does not support update events outside of the current context, the Subscriber SHALL respond with an appropriate [event notification](2-5-ReceiveEventNotification.html#event-notification-response).
```

> Towards enabling greater workflow flexibility and greater convenience of subscribers, Subscribers MAY send a [FHIR resource]-update event, that is unrelated to the current context (e.g. an update event in which the anchor context referenced differs from the current context). Subscribers SHALL NOT send select events unrelated to the current context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Towards enabling greater workflow flexibility and greater convenience of subscribers, Subscribers MAY send a [FHIR resource]-update event, that is unrelated to the current context (e.g. an update event in which the anchor context referenced differs from the current context). If supported by the event recipient, the event is processed in the scope of the referenced context (not the current context) following the same rules as if the referenced context were the current context. Subscribers SHALL NOT send select events unrelated to the current context.
```

> If the event recipient supports receiving and processing update events outside of the current context, the event SHALL be processed in scope of the referenced context (not the current context) following the same rules as if the referenced context were the current context.

Reviewer: Re-added, but left off the if x, then SHALL x requirement.

> If the event recipient does not support update events outside of the current context, the recipient SHALL respond with an appropriate [event notification](2-5-EventNotification.html#event-notification-response).

Reviewer: HTTP 409 is merely one of our standard responses as defined in [Receive Event Notification](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhircast-docs/4-2-1-syncconsiderations.html#blocking-action-on-subscriber-preventing-context-synchronization) -- so not more specific.

I agree that a more specific error (that fit into the standard error handling) would be nice. For some reason I was thinking that we didn't have consensus on what that was -- that's why I left any such change in the jira's resolution.

> If the event recipient supports receiving and processing update events outside of the current context, it indicates this support through the well-known endpoint (see [2.7 Conformance](2-7-Conformance.html#capabilities)) and the event is processed in scope of the referenced context (not the current context) following the same rules as if the referenced context were the current context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Hub supports this capability, it SHOULD indicate support through the well-known endpoint (see [2.7 Conformance](2-7-Conformance.html#capabilities)).
```
